# GREETINGS DEAR READER

This directory contains everything needed to create the Magento submission documentation files. We probably won't need to do this too many times in the future.

At the time of writing this (2016-05-09), it is being done to submit an extension to the Magento 2.0 marketplace, from Magento 1.9. However, if you need to update any of the documentation in the future, this directory should hopefully suffice.

If you need to make changes, it *should* be enough to just edit the .md file, and _maybe_ include the image files in the /images directory.

The resultant files:

- pixlee\_magento2\_extension\_specification.pdf
- pixlee\_magento2\_release\_notes.pdf
- pixlee\_magento2\_test\_documentation.pdf
- pixlee\_magento2\_user\_guide.pdf

These are the _source_ files:

- pixlee\_magento2\_extension\_specification.md
- pixlee\_magento2\_release\_notes.md
- pixlee\_magento2\_test\_documentation.md
- pixlee\_magento2\_user\_guide.md

These files are needed to generate the PDFs:

- generate\_pdfs.sh (convert the .md files to .pdf files)
- pixlee-markdown.latex (the template file for styling PDFs generated by pandoc)
- Pixlee-Logotype\_vSofia-VL.pdf (the Pixlee logo)
- /images (a directory containing all the embedded images)

## ALSO PRETTY IMPORTANT! ##

Inside the /images directory, is a uml\_diagrams.xmi file, created using umbrello (https://umbrello.kde.org/). I don't actually know UML diagramming. Just hacked together enough to make something semi-convincing looking in one day.

But if you need to make any modifications to the '\_v2.png' diagram images, you can start there.


Regards from the past,
Yunfan
